feat: Fallback for User analysis org is referred to user capturing org [2.42-DHIS2-134982] (#1448)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/developer/web-api/analytics.md

    above called "Date and period format" for the period format and
    available relative periods.

  - For the organization unit dimension, you can specify items as either
    the organization unit or its sub-units associated with the currently
    authenticated user. Use the keys USER_ORGUNIT for the organization unit
    itself or USER_ORGUNIT_CHILDREN for its sub-units. You may also specify
    organization unit identifiers directly or use a combination of both.
    The authenticated user must have permission to export and analyze data
    for the designated organization units. If no organization unit permissions

>     are explicitly granted, data capture and maintenance rights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    are explicitly granted and specified, data capture and maintenance organization units
```
